emds: adapted documentation (#23518)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

  * Updated the write handler of the accessory non-owner service (ANOS) GATT characteristic to no longer assert on write operations if the DULT was not enabled at least once.

:ref:`emds_readme` library:

>   * Removed experimental status.
>   * Redesigned the library to support two partitions for storing data.
>   * Redesigned the data format in which the library stores data.
>   * Added support of the robust data storage mechanism, as it enables the library to always have a valid snapshot of the stored data.
>   * Changed the API function :c:func:`emds_store_size_get` for calculation of the needed size to store the registered data.
>   * Changed the API function :c:func:`emds_store_time_get` for estimation of the needed time to write the registered data into persistent memory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added support of the robust data storage mechanism, as it enables the library to always have a valid snapshot of the stored data.

* Updated:

  * By redesigning the library to support two partitions for storing data.
  * By redesigning the data format in which the library stores data.
  * By changing the function :c:func:`emds_store_size_get` for calculation of the needed size to store the registered data.
  * By changing the function :c:func:`emds_store_time_get` for estimation of the needed time to write the registered data into persistent memory.
  
* Removed experimental status.
```
